[Docs] updata abcnet doc (#1658)
open-mmlab/mmocr: projects/ABCNet/README.md

MMCV_WITH_OPS=1 MAX_JOBS=8 python setup.py develop
```

### Training commands

> In MMOCR's root directory, run the following command to train the model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the current directory, run the following command to train the model:
```

```bash
mim train mmocr config/abcnet/abcnet_resnet50_fpn.py --work-dir work_dirs/
```

To train on multiple GPUs, e.g. 8 GPUs, run the following command:

```bash
mim train mmocr config/abcnet/abcnet_resnet50_fpn.py --work-dir work_dirs/ --launcher pytorch --gpus 8
```

### Testing commands

> In MMOCR's root directory, run the following command to test the model:

Reviewer: In the current directory

To find more variants, please visit the [official model zoo](https://github.com/aim-uofa/AdelaiDet/blob/master/configs/BAText/README.md).

|         Name          | Pretrained Model | E2E-None-Hmean | det-Hmean |  Download   |
| :-------------------: | :--------------: | :------------: | :-------: | :---------: |

> | v1-icdar2015-finetune | [SynthText](<>)  |     0.6127     |  0.8753   | [model](<>) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| v1-icdar2015-finetune | [SynthText](<https://download.openmmlab.com/mmocr/textspotting/abcnet/abcnet_resnet50_fpn/abcnet_resnet50_fpn_pretrain-d060636c.pth>)  |     0.6127     |  0.8753   | [model](<https://download.openmmlab.com/mmocr/textspotting/abcnet/abcnet_resnet50_fpn/abcnet_resnet50_fpn_500e_icdar2015-326ac6f4.pth>) | [log](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmocr/textspotting/abcnet/abcnet_resnet50_fpn/20221210_170401.log)
```
